MFEM coordinate system support for axisymmetric simulations (#32378)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/mfem/coordinatesystems/MFEMCylindricalCoordinateCoefficients.md

# MFEMCylindrical

!if! function=hasCapability('mfem')

## Overview

Cylindrical coordinate scalar coefficients provider, for MFEM type cylindrical or 2D axisymmetric weak form formulations.

`MFEMCylindrical` derived from [MFEMCoordinateCoefficients](MFEMCoordinateCoefficients.md). It constructs and 
exposes the following built in scalar cylindrical coefficients

- `r` the radial component built from MFEM's [`mfem::CylindricalRadialCoefficient`](https://docs.mfem.org/html/coefficient_8hpp_source.html).
- `inv_r` the inverse radial coefficient 
- `two_pi_r` the full cylindrical measure factor {2\pi\text{r}}

> - `measure_weight` the reduced measure weight `r`, used when the costant factor {2\pi} is ommitted from the weak form 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The `two_pi_r` and `measure_weight` are constructed using [`mfem::TransformedCoefficient`](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1TransformedCoefficient.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `two_pi_r` coefficient is constructed using [`mfem::TransformedCoefficient`](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1TransformedCoefficient.html).
```
